Advanced Polls Module v2.0.0

Description
-----------
A rewrite of the core Postnuke polling module to be pnAPI compliant and
introduce extended functionality.

This module is independant to the standard Postnuke polling module and the
two modules will happily coincide with each other.

Download
--------
http://www.markwest.me.uk

Demo
----
http://www.markwest.me.uk

Author
------
Mark West - support@markwest.me.uk

Licence
-------

This module is released under the GPL. Please see
http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html  for details.

Supported Platforms
-------------------
Zikula v1.2 or later

Feature List
------------
1. Single, Multiple or Ranked Selection Polls
2. Zikula User, IP or Cookie based voting restrictions
3. Configurable open and close dates for polls
4. Recurring Polls options (allows poll to close, clear its results and reopen)
   Note: I  required this feature for my own site but not sure how useful it may
   be for others sites.
5. Tiebreaking functionality.
6. Block to display and individual, latest or random.
7. Block to display a list of the polls the current user may vote in.
8. Block to display the results of the most recently closed polls.
9. Poll Duplication and Reset options.
10. Admin voting statistics.
11. Block to warn a user if a poll has not been voted in - Thanks to Mats Kling for the initial code.
12. Support for HTML in poll title, descriptions and options including images.
13. Colour palette to select color overrides for text.
14. Poll not limited to standard 12 options.
14. All output fully templated using pnRender (XTE).

Installation Procedure
----------------------
1. Copy contents of the archive to your modules directory.
2. Login to your site as an admin.
3. Go to the modules administration page and regenerate the modules list.
4. Locate the advanced polls entry and initialise it.
5. Locate the advanced polls entry and activate it.

Upgrade Procedure
-----------------
1. Copy contents of the archive to your modules directory.
2. Login to your site as an admin.
3. Go to the modules administration page and regenerate the modules list.
4. Locate the advanced polls entry and upgrade it.
5. Locate the advanced polls entry and activate it.

Permissions
-----------
The Postnuke permissions system can be used to restrict access to both the
administrative and user features of this module. Examples of the usage of
permissions in this module are as follow

1 Core Module

In addition to the voting regulations in each poll permissions can be used to
restrict voting to specific groups of users. To restrict the poll 'A Sample
Poll' with a Poll ID of 5 from a group called 'Non Voting Users' set these
permissions

Group - Non Voting Users
Component - advanced polls::item
Instance - A Sample Poll::5
Permissions Level - None

2 Poll Block

To disallow unregistered users from seeing the a poll block titled 'A Sample
Poll' set these permissions

Group - Unregistered
Component - advanced_polls:pollblock:
Instance - A Sample Poll::
Permissions Level - None

3 PollList Block

To disallow unregistered users from seeing the a polllist block titled 'Voting
Booth' set these permissions

Group - Unregistered
Component - advanced_polls:polllistblock:
Instance - Voting Booth::
Permissions Level - None

All permissions examples can be equally applied to user based permissions.

Support andFeedback
-------------------
Support can be obtained via http://www.markwest.me.uk or via the PN support forums on
http://commmunity.zikula.org.

Feedback can be provided via http://www.markwest.me.uk

Future Features
---------------
See the project status page on http://www.markwest.me.uk
